1. A grocery list consists of items the users want to buy at a grocery store. The application must
   allow users to add items to a list, delete items from a list, and change the quantity of items in
   the list (e.g., change from one to two pounds of apples).
   I created GroceryList class and User class. In GroceryList class, we can add item, delete item and
   change the quantity of item.

2. The application must contain a database (DB) of ​items​ and corresponding ​item types​.
   To realize this requirement, I add userId, username and password in User class.
   Added categoryName in Category class.
   Added quantity in LineItem class.
   Added listName and itemId in List class.
   Added itemId, itemName, checkOff and price in Item class

3. Users must be able to add items to a list by picking them from a hierarchical list, where the
   first level is the item type (e.g., cereal), and the second level is the name of the actual item
   (e.g., shredded wheat). After adding an item, users must be able to specify a quantity for that item.
   To make the hierarchical list, I added Category class to sort each item into certain category.
   User can change the quantity in LineItem class.

4. Users must also be able to specify an item by typing its name. In this case, the application
   must look in its DB for items with similar names and ask the users, for each of them, whether
   that is the item they intended to add. If a match cannot be found, the application must ask the
   user to select a type for the item and then save the new item, together with its type, in its DB.
   User can use search method to find item by typing name.

5. Lists must be saved automatically and immediately after they are modified.
   All the data will be saved by any clicking.

6. Users must be able to check off items in a list (without deleting them).
   Added boolean type of attribute to check off items in the List class.

7. Users must also be able to clear all the check-off marks in a list at once.
   Added boolean type of attribute to clear all the check-off mark in the List class.

8. Check-off marks for a list are persistent and must also be saved immediately.
   All the data will be saved by any clicking.

9. The application must present the items in a list grouped by type, so as to allow users to
   shop for a specific type of products at once (i.e., without having to go back and forth
   between aisles).
   It is able to see all the items in the specific category when user select the category.

10. The application must support multiple lists at a time (e.g., “weekly grocery list”, “monthly
    farmer’s market list”). Therefore, the application must provide the users with the ability to
    create, (re)name, select, and delete lists.
    I created List class which can be created by createList method in User class.
    Also renaming, selecting and deleting list are added.

11. The User Interface (UI) must be intuitive and responsive.
    Not considered because it does not affect the design directly.
